docs: add prompt federation user guide (#973)
Kuadrant/mcp-gateway: docs/guides/virtual-mcp-servers.md

kubectl delete mcpvirtualserver dev-tools data-tools -n mcp-system
```

## Authorization and Capability Filtering

Virtual MCP servers are a discovery concept only. They filter which tools and prompts a client discovers, but do not affect routing or authorization.

> If you have [authentication](./authentication.md) and [user-based filtering](./user-based-tool-filter.md) configured, the broker applies two filters sequentially when handling an `initialize` or discovery request with a virtual server header:

Reviewer: Virtual server filtering is applied via AfterListTools and AfterListPrompts hooks (internal/broker/broker.go:157-163), which fire during tools/list and prompts/list — not during initialize. The previous version of this doc correctly said "tools/list request"

```suggestion
If you have [authentication](./authentication.md) and [user-based filtering](./user-based-tool-filter.md) configured, the broker applies two filters sequentially when handling a tools/list or prompts/list request with a virtual server header:
```

1. **Identity-based filtering** -- the `x-mcp-authorized` header carries a signed JWT with an `allowed-capabilities` claim that reduces the list to only the capabilities (tools and prompts) the user is authorized for
2. **Virtual server filtering** -- the `X-Mcp-Virtualserver` header further reduces the list to only those defined in the `MCPVirtualServer` resource

> The result is the intersection of both filters. For example, if the `accounting` virtual server lists `test1_greet` and `test1_daily_summary`, but the user's `x-mcp-authorized` JWT only grants access to `greet` on `mcp-test/test-server1`, they will only see `test1_greet`.

Reviewer: Is this change needed?

- **[Configure Authorization](./authorization.md)** - Add access control to virtual servers
- **[User-Based Tool Filtering](./user-based-tool-filter.md)** - Identity-based tool filtering via trusted headers
- **[External MCP Servers](./external-mcp-server.md)** - Include external tools in virtual servers

> 

Reviewer: Is this empty EOF needed?
